I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU
WOULD ACTUALLY SAY THAT.
I WOULD MUCH RATHER
BE MR. PEANUT THAN MR. SALTY.
NO WAY. MR. SALTY IS
A SAILOR, ALL RIGHT?
HE'S GOT TO BE
THE TOUGHEST SNACK THERE IS.
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU DON'T WANT
TO MESS WITH CORNNUTS.
THEY'RE CRAZY!
OH, MY GOD.
GUYS, YOU GOT
TO COME SEE THIS.
THERE'S SOME
CREEP OUT THERE
WITH A TELESCOPE.
( gasps )
I CAN'T
BELIEVE IT.
HE'S LOOKING
RIGHT AT US.
OH, THAT IS
SO SICK.
I FEEL VIOLATED...
AND NOT IN
A GOOD WAY.
WHY DO PEOPLE
DO THAT?
( all groaning )
OH, LOOK! UGLY NAKED GUY
GOT GRAVITY BOOTS!
( all clamoring )
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
I AM TELLING YOU
YEARS FROM NOW
SCHOOL CHILDREN WILL STUDY IT
AS ONE OF THE GREATEST
FIRST DATES OF ALL TIME.
IT WAS UNBELIEVABLE.
WE COULD TOTALLY BE OURSELVES.
WE DIDN'T PLAY ANY GAMES.
HAVE YOU CALLED HER?
AND LET HER KNOW I LIKE HER?
WHAT ARE YOU-- INSANE?
OH, GUYS...
IT'S THE NEXT DAY.
HOW NEEDY DO
I WANT TO SEEM?
OH, YEAH, LET
HER DANGLE.
OH. I CAN'T BELIEVE
MY PARENTS
ARE ACTUALLY PRESSURING ME
TO FIND ONE OF YOU PEOPLE.
GOD, COME ON, JUST DO IT.
CALL HER.
STOP BEING SO TESTOSTERONEY.
WHICH, BY THE WAY IS THE
REAL SAN FRANCISCO TREAT.
I GOT HER MACHINE.
HER ANSWERING MACHINE?
NO, HER LEAF BLOWER PICKED UP.
SO WHY DIDN'T
YOU SAY ANYTHING?
OH, NO, NO, NO, LAST TIME
I LEFT A SPONTANEOUS MESSAGE
I ENDED UP USING THE PHRASE
"YES INDEEDY-O."
LOOK, LOOK, LOOK,
IT'S RACHEL AND BARRY.
NO, NO, NO, DON'T
EVERYBODY LOOK AT ONCE.
OKAY, OKAY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
OKAY, THEY'RE JUST TALKING.
DOES HE LOOK LIKE HE WAS
JUST TOLD TO SHOVE ANYTHING?
NO.
NO, ACTUALLY, HE'S SMILING,
AND... OH, MY GOD!
DON'T DO THAT!
WHAT, WHAT, WHAT?!
THAT MAN ACROSS THE STREET
KICKED THAT PIGEON.
OH.
AND BASICALLY THAT'S HOW
A BILL BECOMES A LAW.
HEY, RACH.
HI, RACH.
HOW'D IT GO?
IT WAS ACTUALLY
REALLY GREAT.
TOOK ME TO LUNCH AT
THE RUSSIAN TEA ROOM.
I HAD THAT CHICKEN
WHERE YOU POKE IT
AND ALL THE BUTTER
SQUIRTS OUT.
NOT A GOOD DAY FOR BIRDS.
WE TOOK A WALK
DOWN TO BENDEL'S.
I TOLD HIM NOT TO
BUT HE GOT ME A LITTLE
BOTTLE OF CHANEL.
THAT'S NICE.
WAS THAT
BEFORE OR AFTER
YOU TOLD HIM
TO STOP CALLING
STOP SENDING YOU FLOWERS
AND TO GENERALLY
LEAVE YOU ALONE?
RIGHT.
WELL, WE NEVER
ACTUALLY GOT TO THAT.
OH, IT WAS JUST SO NICE
TO SEE HIM AGAIN, YOU KNOW?
IT WAS COMFORTABLE,
AND IT WAS FAMILIAR.
IT WAS JUST NICE.
THAT'S...
THAT'S NICE TWICE.
RACHEL, WHAT'S
GOING ON?
ISN'T THIS THE SAME BARRY
WHO YOU LEFT AT THE ALTAR?
DUH. WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
YEAH, BUT IT WAS DIFFERENT
WITH HIM TODAY
AND HE WASN'T LIKE...
"ORTHODONTIST GUY,"
YOU KNOW?
I MEAN, WE HAD FUN.
IS THERE ANYTHING
WRONG WITH THAT?
YES!
WHY?
I HAVE MY REASONS.
OKAY, HOW ABOUT THE FACT
THAT HE'S ENGAGED
TO ANOTHER WOMAN
WHO JUST HAPPENS TO BE
YOUR EX-BEST FRIEND?
ALL RIGHT, I
KNOW IT'S STUPID.
I'LL GO SEE HIM THIS AFTERNOON
AND PUT AN END TO IT.
WOW!
WOW.
YEAH.
I'M NOT CRAZY,
RIGHT?
I MEAN, IT WAS
NEVER LIKE THAT.
NO, IT WASN'T.
IT WAS SO NICE HAVING
THIS LITTLE SINK HERE.
OH, DANIELLE, I WASN'T
EXPECTING THE MACHINE.
GIVE ME A CALL
WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE.
( clinking )
BYE-BYE.
OH, GOD.
THAT'S WHAT YOU'VE BEEN WORKING
ON FOR THE PAST TWO HOURS?
I'VE BEEN HONING IT.
WHAT'S WITH THE DISHES?
I WANT HER TO THINK
I MIGHT BE IN A RESTAURANT
I MIGHT HAVE SOME KIND OF LIFE,
LIKE I HAVEN'T BEEN SITTING
AROUND HERE HONING
FOR THE LAST TWO HOURS.
HE'S DOING IT AGAIN--
THE GUY WITH THE TELESCOPE.
OH, MY GOD!
OH. GO AWAY!
STOP LOOKING IN HERE!
GREAT. NOW HE'S
WAVING BACK.
WE GOT TO DO
SOMETHING.
THIS MORNING
HE LOOKED INTO
OUR APARTMENT.
IT CREEPS ME OUT.
I CAN'T DO STUFF.
WHAT KIND OF STUFF?
WILL YOU GROW UP?
I'M NOT TALKING
ABOUT SEXY STUFF
BUT LIKE WHEN
I'M COOKING NAKED.
YOU COOK NAKED?
YEAH, TOAST, OATMEAL,
NOTHING THAT SPATTERS.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING
AT ME FOR?
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
OH, I JUST...
BARRY, THIS
WAS NOT GOOD.
NO, IT WAS.
IT WAS VERY,
VERY GOOD.
WELL, WHAT ABOUT MINDY?
OH, WAY BETTER THAN MINDY.
NO, NOT THAT.
I MEAN,
WHAT ABOUT YOU AND MINDY?
LOOK, IF YOU WANT, I'LL
JUST BREAK IT OFF WITH HER.
NO, NO. I MEAN
DON'T DO THAT.
I MEAN, NOT FOR ME.
Dr. Farber, Bobby Rush
is here for his adjustment.
UH, THANKS, BERNICE.
LET'S GO AWAY THIS WEEKEND.
OH, BARRY, COME ON,
THIS IS ALL WAY TOO...
WE CAN GO TO ARUBA.
WHEN I WENT THERE
ON WHAT WOULD HAVE BEEN OUR
HONEYMOON, IT WAS REALLY NICE.
YOU WOULD HAVE LIKED IT.
I HAD A BRA.
HEY, DR. FARBER.
ALL RIGHT, MISS GREEN,
EVERYTHING LOOKS FINE.
I THINK WE'RE
STARTING TO SEE
SOME REAL PROGRESS.
WHAT?
I'M 12.
I'M NOT STUPID.
CAN I USE YOUR PHONE?
YEAH. BUT FOR
FUTURE REFERENCE
THAT THING IN
YOUR HAND CAN ALSO
BE USED AS A PHONE.
ALL RIGHT.
( ringing )
YES, IT'S WORKING.
WHY ISN'T SHE CALLING ME?
MAYBE SHE
NEVER GOT YOUR MESSAGE.
CALL HER MACHINE, AND IF
SHE HAS A LOT OF BEEPS
THAT MEANS SHE DIDN'T
GET HER MESSAGES YET.
YOU DON'T THINK THAT
MAKES ME SEEM...
DESPERATE, NEEDY,
PATHETIC?
AH, YOU OBVIOUSLY
SAW MY PERSONAL AD.
HOW MANY?
SHE ANSWERED.
THIS IS WHERE YOU'D USE THAT
"HELLO" WORD WE TALKED ABOUT.
I'M NOT GOING
TO TALK TO HER.
SHE OBVIOUSLY
GOT MY MESSAGE
AND IS CHOOSING
NOT TO CALL ME.
NOW I'M NEEDY
AND SNUBBED.
GOD, I MISS JUST BEING NEEDY.
All:
HEY.
HOW'D HE TAKE IT?
PRETTY WELL, ACTUALLY.
UH, RACH?
HOW COME YOU HAVE
DENTAL FLOSS IN YOUR HAIR?
OH, DO I?
UH-HUH.
WE ENDED UP HAVING SEX
IN HIS CHAIR.
YOU HAD SEX
IN HIS CHAIR?!
OH, I SAID THAT A LITTLE
TOO LOUDLY, DIDN'T I?
YOU... YOU HAD WHAT?
SEX IN HIS CHAIR.
WHAT, UH, WHAT
WERE YOU THINKING?
I DON'T KNOW.
WE STILL CARE
ABOUT EACH OTHER.
THERE'S A HISTORY THERE.
IT'S LIKE YOU AND CAROL.
NO. NO, NO.
IT'S NOTHING LIKE ME AND CAROL.
IF SHE SAID TO YOU,
"ROSS, I WANT YOU
ON THIS COUCH, RIGHT HERE,
RIGHT NOW," WHAT WOULD YOU SAY?
IF IT HELPS, I
COULD SLIDE OVER.
IT'S A TOTALLY DIFFERENT
SITUATION.
IT'S APPLES AND ORANGES.
IT'S ORTHODONTISTS AND LESB...
I GOT TO GO.
WHERE ARE
YOU GOING?
I JUST HAVE TO GO!
DO I NEED A REASON, HUH?
I HAVE THINGS TO DO
WITH MY LIFE.
I HAVE A JAM-PACKED SCHEDULE
AND I AM LATE
FOR KEEPING UP WITH IT, OKAY?
( phone ringing )
HELLO? HELLO?
( ringing )
HELLO?
HI...
MINDY.
HI. HI. HOW ARE YOU?
YES, YES, I HEARD.
CONGRATULATIONS.
THAT IS SO GREAT.
REALLY? OH, GOD...
OKAY.
OKAY, WELL,
I'M WORKING TOMORROW.
IF YOU WANT,
YOU CAN COME BY
IF YOU'D LIKE.
OKAY.
GREAT.
ALL RIGHT.
SO, I'LL, UH...
I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
OKAY. BYE.
OH, GOD. OH, GOD.
OH...
SO HOW'S MINDY?
OH, SHE WANTS TO
SEE ME TOMORROW.
SHE SOUNDED
REALLY WEIRD.
I GOT TO CALL BARRY.
HI. IT'S ME.
MINDY!
MINDY, HI! NO, I FIGURED
THAT'S WHERE YOU'D BE.
( imitating phone ringing )
HELL IS FILLED
WITH PEOPLE LIKE YOU.
HE'S BACK.
THE PEEPER'S BACK.
GET DOWN!
GET DOWN?
AND BOOGIE.
THANKS, BUT I GOT TO GO GET
MY EYES SCRATCHED OUT BY MINDY.
SHE MAY NOT EVEN KNOW.
I HAVEN'T HEARD FROM HER IN
SEVEN MONTHS, AND NOW SHE CALLS.
WHAT ELSE IS IT ABOUT?
SHE WAS MY BEST FRIEND,
YOU GUYS.
WE WENT
TO CAMP TOGETHER.
SHE TAUGHT ME
HOW TO KISS.
YEAH?
NOW, I'M LIKE THE OTHER WOMAN.
I FEEL SO...
NAUGHTY.
I'LL SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
WHEN SHE TAUGHT YOU
TO KISS AT CAMP
WERE YOU WEARING ANY KIND
OF LITTLE UNIFORM..?
THAT'S FINE, YEAH.
I'M GOING TO GO
TO THE BATHROOM.
WILL YOU WATCH MY PHONE?
TAKE IT WITH YOU,
HEY, WE HAVEN'T BEEN
ON A SECOND DATE.
SHE NEEDS TO HEAR ME PEE?
WHY DON'T YOU CALL HER?
I CAN'T CALL HER.
I LEFT A MESSAGE.
I HAVE SOME PRIDE.
DO YOU?
NO.
DANIELLE? HI.
HI, IT'S UH... IT'S CHANDLER.
I'M FINE.
( clears throat )
UH, LISTEN.
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU TRIED
TO CALL ME
BECAUSE, IDIOT THAT I AM
I ACCIDENTALLY
SHUT OFF MY PHONE.
OH, OKAY. THAT'S FINE.
THAT'S GREAT.
OKAY.
SHE'S ON THE OTHER LINE.
SHE'S GOING TO CALL ME BACK.
♪ SHE'S ON THE OTHER LINE,
SHE'S GONNA CALL ME BACK ♪
GONNA CALL ME BACK ♪
DON'T YOU HAVE TO PEE?
WHY I'M DANCING.
MINDY.
HEY, YOU.
SO WHAT'S UP?
UM, WE SHOULD REALLY
BE SITTING FOR THIS.
HMM.
SURE WE SHOULD.
SO...
I KNOW THINGS HAVE BEEN WEIRD
BUT YOU'RE, LIKE,
MY OLDEST FRIEND
EXCEPT FOR MAYBE LORI SCHAEFFER,
WHO I DON'T TALK TO ANYMORE
'CAUSE SHE'S ALL BITTER
NOW SHE LOST THE WEIGHT
AND IT TURNS OUT
SHE DOESN'T
HAVE A PRETTY FACE.
I'M GOING TO ASK YOU THIS ONCE,
AND I WANT A STRAIGHT ANSWER.
OKAY.
( sighs )
WILL YOU BE MY MAID OF HONOR?
OF COURSE!
THAT'S SO GREAT!
( both squealing )
IS THAT ALL
YOU WANTED?
THAT'S ALL!
( both squealing )
WHAT?
THAT'S NOT ALL.
OH, SURE IT IS!
OH, NO, IT ISN'T!
I THINK BARRY IS SEEING
SOMEONE IN THE CITY.
OH, WHAT WOULD MAKE
YOU THINK THAT?
EVER SINCE WE ANNOUNCED
THE ENGAGEMENT
HE'S BEEN ACTING
REALLY WEIRD
AND THEN LAST NIGHT
HE CAME HOME
SMELLING LIKE CHANEL.
REALLY!
MINDY, IF IT WILL MAKE
YOU FEEL ANY BETTER
WHEN BARRY AND I
FIRST GOT ENGAGED
HE WENT THROUGH
A WEIRD THING TOO.
OH, THAT'S WHAT
I WAS AFRAID OF.
WHAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE AFRAID OF?
OKAY, OKAY.
WHEN BARRY WAS ENGAGED
TO YOU, HE AND I
KIND OF... HAD
A LITTLE THING ON THE SIDE.
WHAT?
I KNOW, I KNOW.
WHEN HE PROPOSED,
EVERYONE SAID
"HE'LL ONLY DO TO YOU
WHAT HE DID TO RACHEL"
AND NOW I FEEL SO STUPID.
( chuckles )
HMM.
OH, MINDY. OH,
YOU ARE SO STUPID.
OH, WE ARE
BOTH SO STUPID.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
SMELL FAMILIAR?
OH, I'M SO SORRY.
OH, NO, ME.
I AM SO SORRY.
NO, I AM SORRY.
( crying )
OH, MY.
FOUR LETTERS,
"CIRCLE OR HOOP."
RING, DAMN IT. RING!
THANKS.
HEY, YOU KNOW
OUR PHONE'S NOT WORKING?
WHAT?
I TRIED CALLING YOU
FROM THE COFFEE SHOP.
THERE WAS NO ANSWER.
I TURNED IT OFF.
MOTHER OF GOD, I TURNED IT OFF!
JUST LIKE YOU TOLD HER.
JUST POINTING OUT THE IRONY.
I WENT ACROSS THE STREET
AND TALKED TO THE DOORMAN.
I GOT THE PEEPER'S NAME.
CAN I USE THE PHONE?
( growling )
CAN I USE YOUR PHONE?
YEAH, THE NUMBER FOR
A SYDNEY MARKS, PLEASE.
"HEATING DEVICE."
RADIATOR.
FIVE LETTERS.
RDTOR.
YEAH, IS SYDNEY THERE?
OH, THIS IS?
SYDNEY'S A WOMAN.
SO SHE'S A WOMAN?
SO WHAT?
YEAH, YEAH. SO WHAT?
I LIVE ACROSS THE STREET,
AND I KNOW
ALL ABOUT YOU
AND YOUR LITTLE TELESCOPE
AND I DON'T APPRECIATE IT, OKAY?
YEAH, I CAN SEE YOU RIGHT NOW.
HELLO!
IF I WANT TO WALK AROUND
MY APARTMENT IN MY UNDERWEAR
I SHOULDN'T HAVE TO FEEL...
THANK YOU.
THAT'S NOT REALLY THE POINT.
THE POINT IS THAT...
MOSTLY FREE WEIGHTS, BUT...
JOEY!
YEAH, MY NEIGHBOR.
YEAH, THE BRUNETTE.
SHE SAID YOU LOOKED
VERY PRETTY IN THE GREEN DRESS
THE GREEN DRESS?
REALLY?
SHE SAID YOU LOOKED LIKE
INGRID BERGMAN
THAT DAY.
NO.
HEY.
GOT A SECOND?
SURE, SURE.
COME ON...
IN.
HELLO, SWEETHEART.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING HERE?
WE ARE HERE TO
BREAK UP WITH YOU.
BOTH OF YOU?
WE THINK YOU'RE A
HORRIBLE HUMAN BEING
AND BAD THINGS
SHOULD HAPPEN TO YOU.
I'M SORRY. GOD, I AM SO SORRY.
I'M AN IDIOT. I WAS WEAK.
I COULDN'T HELP MYSELF.
WHATEVER I DID I ONLY DID
BECAUSE I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
WHICH ONE OF US ARE YOU
TALKING TO THERE, BAR?
MINDY.
MINDY, OF COURSE, MINDY.
IT WAS ALWAYS MINDY.
EVEN WHEN WE WERE HAVING SEX
IN THAT CHAIR?
I SWEAR. WHATEVER I WAS DOING,
I WAS ALWAYS THINKING OF YOU.
OH, PLEASE. THAT SECOND TIME
YOU COULDN'T HAVE PICKED HER
OUT OF A LINEUP.
YOU DID IT TWICE?
THE FIRST TIME
DIDN'T REALLY COUNT.
IT WAS BARRY.
RIGHT.
HONEY, BABY,
SWEETHEART, LOOK
JUST GIVE ME ANOTHER CHANCE.
WE'LL START OVER.
WE'LL GO BACK TO ARUBA.
WHAT DO YOU SAY?
Dr. Farber, we've got
an emergency here.
Jason Costellana is choking
on his retainer.
OH, GOD.
I'LL BE RIGHT
THERE, BERNICE.
LOOK, PLEASE...
PLEASE DON'T GO ANYWHERE, OKAY?
I-I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
OKAY.
OKAY, AND WE'LL BE
HERE, HATING YOU.
DID YOU SEE HOW HE WAS SWEATING?
LISTEN, HONEY
IF I'M HOGGING THE BALL
JUST JUMP IN AND TAKE
A COUPLE OF PUNCHES
BECAUSE THIS FEELS GREAT.
YEAH. I'M PRETTY SURE
I'M STILL GOING TO MARRY HIM.
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
MINDY, THE GUY
IS THE DEVIL.
HE IS SATAN IN A SMOCK.
LOOK, I KNOW
HE'S NOT PERFECT...
MM-HMM.
BUT THE TRUTH IS
AT THE END OF THE DAY, I...
I STILL REALLY WANT TO BE
"MRS. DR. BARRY FARBER...
D.D.S."
DEAR GOD.
I HOPE YOU CAN FIND
SOME WAY TO BE HAPPY FOR ME
AND I HOPE YOU'LL STILL
BE MY MAID OF HONOR.
AND I HOPE BARRY
DOESN'T KILL YOU
AND EAT YOU IN ARUBA.
YOU OKAY?
YEAH.
REALLY?
EVER SINCE I RAN OUT
ON BARRY AT THE WEDDING
I HAVE WONDERED WHETHER
I MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE
AND NOW I KNOW.
OH, I'M SO GLAD.
BIG DAY.
I'LL GIVE YOU THIS.
MR. PEANUT IS A
BETTER DRESSER.
HE'S GOT THE MONOCLE.
HE'S GOT THE TOP HAT.
DID YOU KNOW
HE'S GAY?
I JUST WANT TO CLARIFY THIS.
ARE YOU OUTING MR. PEANUT?
CHANDLER?
DANIELLE, HI.
UH, EVERYBODY,
THIS IS DANIELLE.
DANIELLE, EVERYBODY.
All:
HI.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I'VE BEEN CALLING YOU
BUT I HAD YOUR NUMBER WRONG
AND WHEN I FINALLY
GOT THE RIGHT ONE
THERE WAS NO ANSWER.
SO I THOUGHT I'D MAKE
SURE YOU WERE OKAY.
OH. UH... I-I'M OKAY.
MAYBE WE COULD
GET TOGETHER LATER?
THAT SOUNDS GOOD.
I'LL CALL YOU,
OR YOU CALL ME.
YOU GOT IT.
BYE, EVERYBODY.
BYE.
WOO-HOO!
THERE YOU GO.
SECOND DATE.
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU DON'T KNOW?
SHE SEEMS VERY NICE
BUT THAT THING
ABOUT HER COMING DOWN HERE
TO SEE IF I WAS OKAY?
HOW NEEDY IS THAT?
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]